>> Jafar Husain: Anybody heard of Redux?
I wanted to take a quick moment to
talk about Redux super briefly.
For those of you who
haven't heard of Redux,
it's just a way of managing
state in an application.
And it's a really well-written framework,
I love it, I'm a big fan.
How fast do you think we could
write Redux with observable?
So Redux is basically
a big scan operation.
It's a scan that takes the current state,
you create a subject of actions,
every single time the UI kicks off
an action, it just necks the subject.
And then you just scan
over all the actions and
initialize that scan with
the initial state of the app.
And then you provide a reduced function,
like that function that takes two
arguments, and you take the new action,
the current state.
And you admit a new state and
you get a stream of states.
So Redux just takes a stream of actions,
probably a subject,
scans over it, provides an initial state,
and outputs a stream of states.
And then you just turn around and
render those states.
Let's take a little, let's take a look
at an example of that because it's
worth doing just to show how many concepts
you can represent with observable.
So I'm gonna go,
>> Jafar Husain: So this function
takes the last state, the action.
>> Jafar Husain: And
here, if the action type
is increment, it returns,
>> Jafar Husain: Like so,
>> Jafar Husain: else if.
>> Jafar Husain: And
now we take this actions, and
we subscribe to it, and we get a state.
And then React anyway,
those of you who know React,
you can render some app component and
state.
Does that make sense?
Or I could go, better yet,
>> Jafar Husain: For
those React guys in the room.
That's basically all Redux is at its core,
right,
that's not to take
anything away from Redux.
It actually has a great set of
development tools associated with it,
and it's got a lot of nice features,
and a lot of libraries out there.
So I'm not suggesting
you don't need Redux and
you can replace it with ten lines of RX.
I'm more just making
the point that fundamentally
the operators you guys have learned
today are so flexible and so
abstract that you can apply them to
solve a huge number of problems.
So there is Redux in
a page with observable.